Chicago if you wait long enough the rain
will all sir will indeed some areas
getting hit with some heavy rain and
even some hail right now and some
frequent lightning news severe
thunderstorm warnings have been issued
so we want to get you right to the
latest and radar right now pinpoint
where we are tracking a nice little line
of storms that will continue to you
where we are finding some nice decent
cells that are going to continue to
migrate here off towards the east I do
want to give you a different vantage
point as we take you into these storms
the big thing is the hail that we're
going to continue to monitor so as I put
this in motion for you a little bit what
we're doing now is a volume scan and
where we have those deep magenta colors
that's the Hail scale core within these
thunderstorms and the tops about twenty
to forty thousand feet so some small to
even medium sized hail is possible this
one storm cell around sandwich right now
which is going to continue to push
towards yorkville so watch out for this
one potential for severe weather there
and then also around DuPage County
another cluster of storms with gusty
winds and some hail so here's a look at
the big picture we're tracking a decent
line of showers and storms developing
during throughout the day out of the
west and its continuing continuing to
push its way to the east you can see the
nature of this just a very thin line but
that one cluster with very heavy rain
frequent lightning and gusty winds so
there's that slight risk for the severe
weather main Chicagoland area not too
bad we just have to deal with these
storms over the next two to three hours
and then things will start to die down
storm cats indicating the potential for
these storms here as we go into the next
couple of hours overnight we'll see some
drier conditions into the day tomorrow
though this trend will continue with
showers and storms in the forecast and
again any storm that moves in has a
potential to be strong to severe the
main threats will be gusty winds and
hail temperatures right now into about
the mid 80s the war then they celebrated
with all the stuff locker room
celebration Charles back with a look at
the seven-day forecast yes there's some
showers and storms tonight some of which
could be strong to severe can you talk
that now hard to follow that
weather-wise we are quiet right now we
did have a few strong storms rule about
going out for a little dinner with a
family tonight relax seriously Cheryl
night we're watching that together it
was a cause eating yes exactly bored as
in the grand Kenya is so unpredictable I
mean uneven landscape you get those
gusts of wind and the cable was going
and they stay pounding or the way yeah
it was something else well it turned out
to be a rather calm night after a few
showers and storms rolled through just a
few hours ago and outside right now we
are well in some of our area
temperatures outside right now mild
lower to mid 70s O'Hare sitting at 74
Midway there at 78 degrees it's going to
stay mild overnight temperatures will
drop to about the lower 70s here as we
go into the start of our Monday we are
stuck in a very warm and humid air mass
and tomorrow's highs flirting with the
mid to upper 80s yet again so a little
bit above average here and with the
warmth and the humidity in place any
trigger mechanism in our atmosphere
allows for those showers and storms to
develop so here's a look at satellite
and radar and what we saw over the past
couple of hours we had one line of
showers and storms work through way in
and then as we went into the four to the
eight o'clock hour we had a nice little
cluster push through small hail even
some minor wind damage nothing too major
then those storms diminished and now
currently were left with a few clouds
across Chicagoland storm casts
indicating this now i will leave the
chance for an isolated shower or storm
but mostly dry conditions expected your
commute tomorrow morning to work we
could find a few raindrops but mostly
dry it looks like the rain showers will
hold off until the late morning and then
into the afternoon we are under the
threat for scattered showers and storms
during the day tomorrow notice storm
cast picking up on this and again any
storm that develops in this environment
and this atmosphere has a potential to
be strong gusty winds and hail the main
threats we're not under a severe risk of
weather tomorrow but it does arrive on
tuesday into wednesday so the unsettled
weather pattern does continue for
tonight partly cloudy skies 73 a stray
shower or storm possible again mostly
dry better chance will come tomorrow
morning and into the afternoon a high of
87 degrees it will feel humid hotter
Tuesday and Wednesday with temperatures
right near 90 show